Update API Sync tasks based on RC features (#81)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/api-sync.adoc

= API Sync
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: api, anypoint platform, sync, api sync

> The API Sync feature of Anypoint Studio lets you pull a published API specification from Exchange, into your Mule application project in Studio to scaffold a new your project. API Sync also lets you keep track of the API versions that you implemented in your project and update your flows based on the latest published version.

Reviewer: lets you > enables you to
a new your project > remove **your**

> The API Sync feature of Anypoint Studio lets you pull a published API specification from Exchange, into your Mule application project in Studio to scaffold a new your project. API Sync also lets you keep track of the API versions that you implemented in your project and update your flows based on the latest published version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API Sync feature of Anypoint Studio enables you to pull a published API specification from Exchange into your Mule application project in Studio to scaffold a new your project. API Sync also enables you to monitor the API versions that you implemented in your project and update your flows based on the latest published version.
```

> The API Sync feature of Anypoint Studio lets you pull a published API specification from Exchange, into your Mule application project in Studio to scaffold a new your project. API Sync also lets you keep track of the API versions that you implemented in your project and update your flows based on the latest published version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API Sync feature of Anypoint Studio lets you pull a published API specification from Exchange, into your Mule application project in Studio to scaffold a new your project. API Sync also lets you monitor the API versions that you implemented in your project and update your flows based on the latest published version.
```

> You can use API Sync on more than one API specification to scaffold multiple flows in different Mule configuration files.

Reviewer: flows in > flows into. (I think this is better)

Reviewer 2: Use "in" if you mean "within" and use "into" if you mean moving one thing inside another.

> API Sync lets you import both RAML and OAS specifications.

Reviewer: lets you import > supports importing

Reviewer 2: yes

API Sync comes bundled by default in Studio 7.4.x and later, and requires Mule 4.1.4 and later.

> == Working With API Sync

Reviewer: == Working **with** API Sync

Reviewer 2: Yes.

Reviewer 2: Because this is a single subtopic within a container topic, I wonder if we really need it? 
You typically need two separate subtopics before you split text within a main topic.
Can we just omit the subtitle and move on with the text?
Maybe we could rename the main topic "Use API Sync" or "Manage Your Specifications by Using API Sync"?

It kind of depends on what you really intend to be the focus of this text: What API Sync Is? How to use it? What to accomplish using it? And so on. A specific title is always good!  :-) But you also should look at how it fits into your topic set organization and deliverable outline.

> Using API Sync you can develop your Mule applications following our recommended API Lifecycle practices:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using API Sync, you can develop your Mule applications following API lifecycle best practices:
```
We want to GLOBALLY avoid referring to "us" or "our"...even "MuleSoft" in most cases.
Also, do we mean "API lifecycle management best practices"?

. Create an API specification in Design Center and publish it to Exchange. +

> You can either xref:design-center::design-create-publish-api-visual-editor.adoc[Create and Publish an API Specification with the Visual Editor in Design Center] or xref:design-center::design-create-publish-api-raml-editor.adoc[Create and Publish an API Specification with the Code Editor in Design Center].

Reviewer 2: Do we need to change the capitalization in the link when it becomes sentence narrative?
```suggestion
You can either xref:design-center::design-create-publish-api-visual-editor.adoc[create and publish an API specification by using the visual editor in Design Center] or xref:design-center::design-create-publish-api-raml-editor.adoc[create and publish an API specification by using the code editor in Design Center].
```

> . Import this API specification from Exchange to your Studio project. +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Import an API specification from Exchange to your Studio project. +
```

See xref:studio::import-api-specification-exchange.adoc[Importing an API Specification from Exchange] for more information.

> It is not possible to create a new API version from Studio, and then upload it to Exchange.  MuleSoft recommends changing your API specification in Design Center, then publish a new version to Exchange, and updating your local Studio implementation using API Sync:

Reviewer: MuleSoft recommends... are there other ways to do this? otherwise, instead of a recommendations introduce these steps as tasks.

> It is not possible to create a new API version from Studio, and then upload it to Exchange.  MuleSoft recommends changing your API specification in Design Center, then publish a new version to Exchange, and updating your local Studio implementation using API Sync:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is not possible to create a new API version from Studio and then upload it to Exchange.  Change your API specification in Design Center, publish a new version to Exchange, and then update your local Studio implementation using API Sync:
```

. Right click in the project that implements the API for which you want to check for updates.
. From the *API Specs* menu, select the API for which you want to check for updates, and click *Update Version*. +
If a new version is found, API Sync asks you if you want to regenerate the flows based on the new version.

[CAUTION]
--

> API sync feature might not work properly if the RAML file exceeds 4,000 lines of text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
API Sync might not work properly if the RAML file exceeds 4,000 lines of text.
```
I would be tempted to move this to the beginning, where we first describe what API Sync is. That way, if the audience has large RAML files, it can maybe skip this information as being useless to them...or at least consider it first.
